Many people still try to live two lifetimes, personally and professionally. 

And, if you like, split their lives into two different halves. This way of thinking sadly means that we must work, do something, live.And even though it's not obvious, in particular, because of the economic condition in which we now live, we must feed, right? We should not settle that. 


Know the difference between personal and professional ethics:


Personal ethics refers to the ethics a person 

recognizes in regard to people and everyday situations. 


Professional ethics is the ethics to which a person 

may adhere in his or her professional interactions and dealings.


Definition: The work-life balance definition sets out to achieve an ideal balance between a person’s working life and private life. It is a concept in which the maximum happiness of an employee acts as the fuel for productive and fulfilling work, for which both employer and employee are responsible.


Below are the Cores of work-life balance:


Time Management 
	Excellent time management allows you to create a healthy balance for both workflow and home life.The importance of time management varies depending on how much it impacts your personal and professional life. Time management is organizing your life to find the best use for every moment. 


Set Goals
	You decide where you want to go in life with the goals setting process. When you know exactly what you want to achieve, you know where your efforts will be directed. You will soon discover the distractions which could lead you so easily to mislead.

	

Know Priorities
	One of the most important things you can do in life and in business is knowing your priorities. You must decide which task is more important than the other or which must put to end first faster so that you can do the next task or you want to do. When you know your priorities, you can make decisions that you're always up to. 


Quality Time
	It's essential to spend time with your family, friends and love ones and most importantly to yourself. The feeling of having to bond with and talk your problems to is to your family and friends, it's the greatest feeling of all.


Nurture Yourself
	You can't do anything if you 're unhealthy. It's okay to take a break sometime, get enough sleep, do some exercise, eat healthy foods and stay hydrated. Everything can get done if you're healthy and alive.


Stay Positive
	Learning how to cope with challenges, unexpected occurrences and fear is part of living a well balanced life. You will learn not only how to lead well-balanced, less stressful lives if you do not let things come to you, but also how to lead and enjoy the moment. Let your life unfold once you've done everything you can under your influence. 


"Life changes quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it" - Lyndsey Vonn


Avoid Negativity
	Adopt positive thinking and stay away from negative influences is essential for inner peace and happiness. Stay away from toxic people as you can. Practice gratitude, avoid self-criticism and make yourself happy with at least one thing every day. As you encounter more negative vibes one approach to deal with it is turn it to positive criticism, take that negativity and start proving them wrong and strive harder.


Say No
	It's okay to say no sometimes from your friends or other relatives when you have better to do. It's also okay to say no to yourself if you want something, instead focus on what you need right now. Sometimes saying no can save your from the greatest regret.


Connect Above
	Don't forget to thank God for all the life blessing and the win you are experiencing, always connect with him whatever happens. He is the strongest connection we have in life and the savior of all.


Keep Going
	In life we can't avoid stress, anxiety, disappointment and other personal problems. Rather than being stressed and upset, learn to keep a level head when something you don't have control over happens. Every Problem has a solution, giving up is not an option for us who have that ultimate goal. Just stand up and do it again.


	"Life is like riding a bicycle, to keep balance, you must keep going" - Albert Einstein


A fair work-life balance can be accomplished, however you have to do it.

You can take care of your life and make time for your things, but nobody else can do it for you.


“You can’t truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.” —Zig Ziglar, motivational speaker
